README.md, before:

This is a Literate Programming fork of the original Emacs Starter Kit

This should provide a saner set of defaults than you get normally with
Emacs. It's intended for beginners, but provides a good elisp
initialization structure for all levels of users.

The main advantages of this Emacs Starter Kit are
- better default settings
- easy loading of many useful libraries and configurations
- "literate" customization embedded in Org-mode files
- an organizational directory structure
- git provides for version control, backup, and sharing
- easy installation with no need to compile external packages

The latest build status at [Travis CI](http://travis-ci.org): [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alflanagan/emacs24-starter-kit.svg?branch=lloyd-custom)](https://travis-ci.org/alflanagan/emacs24-starter-kit)

The latest version is at http://github.com/eschulte/emacs24-starter-kit/

For more information including use and installation instructions see
http://eschulte.github.com/emacs24-starter-kit/

Commit message:

Added note about build failures.

README.md, after:

This is a Literate Programming fork of the original Emacs Starter Kit

This should provide a saner set of defaults than you get normally with
Emacs. It's intended for beginners, but provides a good elisp
initialization structure for all levels of users.

The main advantages of this Emacs Starter Kit are
- better default settings
- easy loading of many useful libraries and configurations
- "literate" customization embedded in Org-mode files
- an organizational directory structure
- git provides for version control, backup, and sharing
- easy installation with no need to compile external packages

The latest build status at [Travis CI](http://travis-ci.org): [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alflanagan/emacs24-starter-kit.svg?branch=lloyd-custom)](https://travis-ci.org/alflanagan/emacs24-starter-kit)

NOTE: The build status, unfortunately, all-too-frequently fails due to
problems with one of the many third-party packages installed by the
starter kit. TODO: make tests discriminate between a package's failure
to install, and failure of the package (require) statement.

The latest version is at http://github.com/eschulte/emacs24-starter-kit/

For more information including use and installation instructions see
http://eschulte.github.com/emacs24-starter-kit/
